This package has an elm app in ui and a flask app in server. The elm app should work in Elm 0.19 and the flask app should work in python 3.x.
You will need to create a python virtual env and import the requirements file. 

## Setting up the REST server
The REST server is very simple and written in Python using the Flask micro-framework. You
first need to install flask.
1. Install virtualenv for your operating system
2. Install python in your virtual environment: virtualenv ./server/env
3. Now, activate your python environment: source ./server/env/bin/activate
4. Run the command: pip install -r ./server/requirements.txt

This should install all the necessary Flask modules and you should be able to run the server:
5. cd server
6. ./src/app.py 

You should now have the Flask server running.

## Setting up the Elm application
Elm comes with its own server (elm reactor) that is very useful for testing and debugging.
To get the Elm application up and running you need to:

1. Install Elm (https://guide.elm-lang.org/install.html)
2. cd ui
2. Run the command: elm reactor

This will start the ELM web server. Open in your browser the URL that appears on the terminal 
screen and click on the 'src' in the 'File Navigation' then click on the 'Main.elm'. This will compile and run the Elm application and you should see a simple form with two text fields one
drop-down menu and one checkbox. 

You should be able to fill in some information and click 'submit' and see the information printed out on the terminal that the flask server is running on. You will see that there is a directory 'elm-stuff' appear in the 'ui' directory. This is generated by the compilation.
